feat: eventgrid publisher client w correlation tracking (#245)
arcus-azure/arcus.eventgrid: docs/preview/02-Features/publishing-events.md

# Azure Event Grid publishing
We provide support for publishing Azure EventGrid, CloudEvents and custom events to a custom Azure Event Grid topics. 

> This event publishing builds on top of the existing [`EventGridPublisherClient`](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Azure.Messaging.EventGrid/) that can either be added to the application's dependency container. The injected Azure clients is a great way to centrilize your Azure interaction in the startup code of your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This event publishing builds on top of the existing [`EventGridPublisherClient`](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Azure.Messaging.EventGrid/) that can either be added to the application's dependency container. The injected Azure client is a great way to centralize your Azure interaction in the startup code of your application.
```

Arcus enhances the existing Event Grid publisher with dependency tracking that can be build up to a full service-to-service correlation model.

## Installation
The features described here require the following package:

```shell
PM> Install-Package Arcus.EventGrid.Core
```
> **⚠ Publishing events used to be in the package called `Arcus.EventGrid.Publishing`. Please make sure that you migrate towards `Arcus.EventGrid.Core` as it's not being actively maintained beyond v3.2.**

## Usage

> Adding simple Azure EventGrid publishing to your application only required the following registration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding simple Azure EventGrid publishing to your application only requires the following registration.
```

    // Registers an `EventGridPublisherClient` to your application to a custom topic.
    services.AddAzureClients(clients =>
    {
        clients.AddEventGridPublisherClient(
            // Custom Azure Even Grid topic endpoint:
            "https://my-eventgrid-topic-endpoint", 
            // Secret name where the authentication key to interact with Azure Event Grid is stored in the Arcus secret store.
            "<my-authentication-secret-name>");
    });
}
```

## Publishing events
Publishing events has no difference than only using Microsoft's `EventGridPublisherClient`, as the correlation tracking happens internally.

To publish events, inject the client and choose between publishing cloud events, Event Grid events or custom events.
```csharp
using Azure.Messaging.EventGrid;
using Microsoft.Extensions.Azure;

public class MyService
{
    public MyService(IAzureClientFactory<EventGridPublisherClient> clientFactory)
    {
        EventGridPublisherClient client = clientFactory.CreateClient("Default");

        client.SendEventAsync(new CloudEvent(...));

        client.SendEventAsync(new EventGridEvent(...));

        // And other overloads...
    }
}
```

> For more information on Azure core clients, how they work and how to use them, see [Microsoft's documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/overview/azure/microsoft.extensions.azure-readme-pre).

Reviewer: What is meant with Azure core clients ?

Author: The clients registered with the `AddAzureClients`. Their also exists a method called `AddAzureClientsCore` which only provides the minimum services needed.
Yeah, maybe this is a bit confusing and should just be 'Azure clients', right?

Author: Changed in https://github.com/arcus-azure/arcus.eventgrid/pull/245/commits/6bd28b4996f6f1da3f97f94514d225c228a5f500
